The way I've set up this course is that a lot of the legwork for creating a
robust serverless application has already been completed.
Using the Serverless Framework,
we'll be able to quickly create and deploy resources into AWS.
Then, as I explain certain architectural concepts,
we'll hook things together and configure them so everything will work correctly.
So before we get into the weeds,
let's deploy the demo resources with the Serverless Framework.
In your code editor, open up the demo project code.
In the root of the project is the serverless.yml file.
This is where all the information is on how to
construct our serverless application.
Open this up and look online 8 for the bucketName property.
This is where we define the name for the S3 bucket
where static assets will be stored.
Replace the your_name portion with a unique identifier,
potentially your name or something else.
Remember, S3 bucket names must be globally unique,
which is why we need this unique identifier here.
Now, save the file, and we're all set to deploy.
Open a command line and navigate to the root of our project.
If you haven't yet, install all the dependencies with an npm install command.
Once that's complete, you can deploy with the command npm run deploy.
What this is doing is building the client code with Webpack and then
deploying the application with the Serverless Framework.
This will actually take quite awhile, especially the first time.
The actual serverless part, creating lambda functions,
is fairly quick, but the framework also has to create an RDS instance,
which is what will make us wait.
I'm going to speed my video up here,
and once everything has been deployed and you're back at your command prompt,
scroll up some until you see a bunch of URLs.
These are the API Gateway endpoints that the Serverless Framework has created.
Copy the first URL here that ends in /dev/.
This is the index of our application.
Paste the URL in a browser,
and you should see this home page for Trash Panda Buffet appear,
images and all.
Now we don't have all of the connections set up to make
this demo application function correctly,
so you won't be able to play it just yet.
Sorry. Let's continue on with the course to learn more of the ins and outs of Lambda.